Redesign Settings Dialog (#646)
asreview/asreview: docs/source/features/settings.rst

Settings
========

> Click on Settings in the hamburger menu in the upper left cornor of ASReview LAB to configure your preferences.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ASReview LAB offers the option to customize the screening appearance and functionality. 

1. Open ASReview LAB.
2. Click on Menu (top left).
3. Click on Settings.
```

.. figure:: ../../images/asreview_settings.png
   :alt: ASReview settings

.. note::
	Your preference is saved in the browser.

Display
-------

Dark mode
~~~~~~~~~

By default, the dark mode is disabled.

.. figure:: ../../images/asreview_settings_dark_mode.png
   :alt: Dark mode

Font size
~~~~~~~~~

You can make the text on the review screen smaller or larger.

.. figure:: ../../images/asreview_settings_font_size.png
   :alt: Font size

Review Preferences
------------------

Keyboard shortcuts
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> You can press a key (or a combination of keys) to label a record as relevant or irrelevant, or to return to the previous decision during screening.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can press a key (or a combination of keys) to label a record as relevant 
or irrelevant, or to return to the previous decision during screening.
```
